Character back story
J
Jason Resch
to Andrew
Mar 22, 2010Details
Rexoic, age 238

I was inducted into the Elan tribe at the age of 21.  I had been sought after for my fiery hair and soaring intellect, by a group of Elans who believed binging me in would play a pivotal part in their future history (This would sure come out to be true).  They worked on me for months, using every imaginable ploy, appearing to me as different people, even people I had trusted and known.  In a sense I was tricked, by hook or by crook, they got me.  I was told by what I believed to be the highest ranked priest in the region that he had discovered a technique that would give me life everlasting, and so I agreed to it.  I was not told it would erase my memories, my identity.  Nor did he tell me he was in fact an Elan impostor.

I was relatively happy in this new group, and for some reason other Elans seemed to treat me differently, somewhat special, but no one ever said anything.  We lived in a remote forest region, 50 or 60 miles from the kingdom.  I was told we try to avoid the affairs of men and concentrate on our mental and telepathic abilities.  Our village didn't even hear about the ongoing war which had befallen that kingdom until many years after it had ended.  I explored many subjects in our own group's library, as a voracious reader interested in many subjects, and was tutored by the most highly trained of the members.  After some training, and about 15 years of focusing on my abilities and study, they began to take me on their trips of exploration and adventure, this went on for about 65 years.  After having spent 80 years total with this tribe, it was time to send me back out into the world to follow my own path, it was considered to be the final ritual before being considered a full fledged member for life, like when Indians send out their sons to live in the forest for a few days, only I was not expected back for many decades.

I decided I had worked enough over the past 80 years and wanted life of relative leisure where I could focus on my mental interests.  One day I happened upon a relatively primitive tribe, who worshipped as a god man their Oracle, which lived in a cave spouting proclamations of the future, few of which ever seemed to pass.  Having trained my skill at divination, I challenged this oracle's ability.  To the tribes people this was an utter disrespect, and if I lost they would have me killed.  A contest was setup, where we had to guess which goat was behind one of 20 doors, when we were placed in a circular room, little did I know the villagers were conspiring to protect the deity, as she moved around inspecting the doors, they moved the goat.  By the time the Oracle finally opened the door, the goat was of course there.  It was the my turn, and I used my ability at divination to determine the location of the goat, and quickly opened the door, it was there.  The village elders thought one trial could be luck, and ordered another, again the oracle succeeded and I succeeded.  (The elders then whispered among themselves) and repeated it one final time.  This time no assistance was given to their oracle.  The oracle opened the wrong door, and was duly embarrassed, blaming her old age and bad eyesight, I then correctly identified the door.  I was then established as the true oracle and the old one was tossed to the alligator pit as a witch and a fraud.

In this little primitive village, I was given all the comforts I asked for, though they were not much, I grew to enjoy the quaintness.  Sometimes I got bored, or devious with the answers I would give, using my divination ability when it was something interesting to me, but often bullshitting the rest.  Only occasionally would I withhold the truth and give a lie if I thought it in my interest to conceal some information from the villagers.  I kept at this for about 120 years, until one day the villagers brought in a stranger they had found, who was completely confused and claimed to have no memory.  It appeared he had fallen off his horse as the vilalgers found horse tracks and he was laying underneath a low tree branch.  He could not even remember his own name, he pleaded with me to tell him about himself, so he would know where he could go for help.  I assited this man in diving his identity, and he eventually recovered well enough to leave the village and did so as some of his memories returned.

This meeting had got me thinking, wondering about my previous life's history, from the day I was inducted I was warned it was bad practice to ever try to learn about an Elan's previous life and that it could only lead to trouble, but I thought, even to just know my original name, it would be just a little piece of the original me that I could hold on to, and what harm would that cause?  I divined my original name: Prince Xercoi III.  I was royal?  What happened to that line, what kingdom had I come from?  I had never heard of any king of that name.  I divined more, more about myself, where I had used to live, what had happened to this royal line..

I discovered I was the last heir of the royal family, and that with my disappearance a bitter power stuggle ensued for control.  After a long war (the one I had heard about after the outcome had been decided) a new royal family deposed the old one, and had executed all members of the family, and many loyalists.  This had happened roughly 195 years ago, and many generations had passed sense.  I told the villagers it was time for me to descend back to the sky where I had come from, and after a mournful meeting, with all the villagers I flew straight up into the sky, telling them that one day, I would return.

From that day, I have been preparing for 18 years, since that day I found out.  My aim is to crush the reigning house of royals, those that slaughtered my family, and thousands of others.  I've spent time in the libraries and archives of the kingdom studying history of the war, and families, the royal lines, in order to find the best way to do this, be it organizing a coup, training an army of loyalists, working with an insider, instigating wars, or personally haunting the family into killing each other.  There are rumors that there are some remaining descendants of my family which fled and escaped, still living in this kingdom.  I've come to reclaime the throne, for them and myself, by any means necessary.