Race: Aarakocra (Elemental Evil Players Companion)    Age: 6    Height: 5' 1"    Weight: 88 lbs.
Class: Fighter 8 (Arcane Archer (Xanthar's)), Cleric 1    Hit Die: 8d10+1d8    Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Speed: 25 ft., 50 ft. flying

Stats: (standard set: 15,14,13,12,10,8)
	Str: 10
	Dex: 20 (+2 racial, +3 from feats included)
	Con: 13
	Int: 12
	Wis: 16 (+1 racial, +1 from feat included)
	Cha: 8

Abilities:
	Flight:
		You have a flying speed of 50 feet. To use this speed, you can’t be wearing medium or heavy armor.
	Talons:
		You are proficient with your unarmed strikes, which deal 1d4 slashing damage on a hit.
	Wanderer (background feature):
		You have an excellent memory for maps and geography, and you can always recall the general layout of terrain,
		settlements, and other features around you. in addition, you can find food and fresh water for yourself and up to
		five other people each day, provided that the land offers berries, small game, water, and so forth.
	Archery Fighting Style:
		You gain a +2 bonus to attack rolls you make with ranged weapons.
	Second Wind: 1 / short rest
		You have a limited well of stamina that you can draw on to protect yourself from harm. On your turn, you can use
		a bonus action to regain hit points equal to 1d10 + your fighter level.
		Once you use this feature, you must finish a short or long rest before you can use it again.
	Action Surge: 1 / short rest (used: 1)
		Starting at 2nd level, you can push yourself beyond your normal limits for a moment. On your turn, you can take
		one additional action on top of your regular action and a
		possible bonus action.
		Once you use this feature, you must finish a short or long rest before you can use it again. Starting at 17th
		level, you can use it twice before a rest, but only once on the same turn.
	Extra Attack:
		Beginning at 5th level, you can attack twice, instead of once, whenever you take the Attack action on your turn.
		The number of attacks increases to three when you reach 11th level in this class and to four when you reach
		20th level in this class.
	Arcane Archer Lore:
		Chose proficiency with Nature and the Druidcraft cantrip
	Arcane Shot: 2 / short rest (used: 1)
		Once per turn when you fire an arrow from a shortbow or longbow as part of the Attack action, you can apply one of 
		your Arcane Shot options to that arrow. You decide to use the option when the arrow hits, unless the option doesn’t
		involve an attack roll. You have two uses of this ability, and you regain all expended uses of it when you finish
		a short or long rest.
		Choices:
			Grasping Arrow:
				When this arrow strikes its target, conjuration magic creates grasping, poisonous brambles, which wrap around
				the target. The creature hit by the arrow takes an extra 2d6 poison damage, its speed is reduced by 10 feet,
				and it takes 2d6 slashing damage the first time on each turn it moves 1 foot or more without teleporting. The
				target or any creature that can reach it can use its action to remove the brambles with a successful Strength
				(Athletics) check against your Arcane Shot save DC. Otherwise, the brambles last for 1 minute or until you use
				this option again.
				The poison damage and slashing damage both increase to 4d6 when you reach 18th level in this class.
			Bursting Arrow:
				You imbue your arrow with force energy drawn from the school of evocation. The arrow detonates after your attack.
				Immediately after the arrow hits the creature, the target and all other creatures within 10 feet of it take 2d6
				force damage each.
				The force damage increases to 4d6 when you reach 18th level in this class.
			Piercing Arrow.
				You use transmutation magic to give your arrow an ethereal quality. When you
				use this option, you don’t make an attack roll for the attack. Instead, the arrow shoots forward in
				a line, which is 1 foot wide and 30 feet long, before disappearing. The arrow passes harmlessly
				through objects, ignoring cover. Each creature in that line must make a Dexterity saving throw.
				On a failed save, a creature takes damage as if it were hit by the arrow, plus an extra 1d6 piercing
				damage. On a successful save, a target takes half as much damage
		Your Arcane Shot save DC is 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Intelligence modifier: 13
	Magic Arrow:
		At 7th level, you gain the ability to infuse arrows with magic. Whenever you fire a nonmagical arrow from a shortbow or
		longbow, you can make it magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance and immunity to nonmagical attacks and damage.
		The magic fades from the arrow immediately after it hits or misses its target.
	Curving Shot:
		At 7th level, you learn how to direct an errant arrow toward a new target. When you make an attack roll with a magic
		arrow and miss, you can use a bonus action to reroll the attack roll against a different target within 60 feet of the
		original target.
	Cleric Spellcasting:
		DC is 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Wisdon modifier = 15
		Spell Attack is your proficiency bonus + your Wisdom modifier = 7
	War Domain Spells:
		1st: divine favor, shield of faith
	War Priest: 3 / long rest (used: 3)
		From 1st level, your god delivers bolts of inspiration to you while you are engaged in battle. When you use the
		Attack action, you can make one weapon attack as a bonus action.
		You can use this feature a number of times equal to your Wisdom modifier (a minimum of once). You regain
		all expended uses when you finish a long rest
	Sharpshooter:
		You have mastered ranged weapons and can make shots that others find impossible. You gain the
		following benefits:
		• Attacking at long range doesn't impose disadvantage on your ranged weapon attack rolls.
		• Your ranged weapon attacks ignore half cover and three-quarters cover.
		• Before you make an attack with a ranged weapon that you are proficient with, you can choose to take a -5
		  penalty to the attack roll. If the attack hits, you add +10 to the attack's damage.

Spells:
	Cantrips:
		Druidcraft
		Guidance
		Light
		Sacred Flame
	Prepared 1st:
		Bless
		Cure Wounds
			Cure Wounds is probably mandated, and would benefit from Wisdom
		Shield of Faith
			Always prepared due to War domain!
		Guiding Bolt
			Probably not worth it unless you've got nothing better for a slot
		Divine Favor
			Always prepared due to War domain!
						https://5thsrd.org/spellcasting/spells/divine_favor/

Ability score enhnancements or feats "at 4th level, and again at 6th, 8th"
	Stuff taken for those levels:
		Sharpshooter:
			You have mastered ranged weapons and can make shots that others find impossible. You gain the
			following benefits:
			• Attacking at long range doesn't impose disadvantage on your ranged weapon attack rolls.
			• Your ranged weapon attacks ignore half cover and three-quarters cover.
			• Before you make an attack with a ranged weapon that you are proficient with, you can choose to take a -5
			  penalty to the attack roll. If the attack hits, you add +10 to the attack's damage.
		+2 Dex
		+1 Dex, +1 Wis
		
	Attractive Feats:
		Resiliant, choosing Dex:
			Choose one ability score. You gain the following benefits:
			• Increase the chosen ability score by 1, to a maximum
			of 20.
			• You gain proficiency in saving throws using the
			chosen ability
		Lucky is generally good
		Observant is very flavorful and almost half decent
		Resiliant can shore up a save, but likely with a ability bonus that does nothing else

Background: Outlander

Proficiency Bonus: +4

Proficiencies:
	Armor: All armor, shields
	Weapons: Simple Weapons, Martial Weapons, Unarmed Strike
	Tools: Harp
	Saving Throws: Strength, Constitution
	Skills: Acrobatics, Athletics, Nature, Perception, Survival

Languages:
	Common
	Aarakocra
	Auran
	Primordial

Equipment: (3000gp from starting, 2 uncommon magic items and 2 common)
	Longbow +1 (Uncommon) 2 lb.
		Same deal as ever
	Cloak of Protection (Uncommon)
		+1 to AC and saving throws
	2 x Walloping Arrow (Common)
		This ammunition packs a wallop. A creature hit by the ammunition must succeed on a DC 10 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
	Studded Leather, 45 gp., 13 lbs.
	Backpack, 2 gp., 5 lbs.
	400 Arrows, 20 gp., 20 lbs. -15
	100 Silver Arrows, 1005 gp., 5 lbs.
	5 x Ball bearings (bag of 1,000), 5 gp 10 lb. (1 gp, 2 lb.)
	5 x  Caltrops (bag of 20) 5 gp 10 lb. (1 gp 2 lb.)
	Clothes, traveler's 2gp 4 lb
	Holy symbol of Tempus, let 5 gp 1 lb.
	Mess kit 2 sp 1 lb.
	5 x Potion of healing 250 gp 2.5 lb. (50 gp 1/2 lb)
	Pouch 5 sp 1 lb.
	Quiver 1 gp 1 lb.
	10 x Rations (1 day) 5 gp 20 lb. (5 sp 2 lb.)
	4 x Rope, silk (50 feet) 40 gp 20 lb. (10 gp 5 lb.)
	Sack 1 cp 1/2 lb.
	Severed Gargoyle Claw 1 lb
	Spyglass 1,000 gp 1 lb.
	Waterskin 2 sp 5 lb. {full)
	Acquired in game
		Healing Herbs from the castle garden
			Would help with first aid
		4 more gargoyal claws
	
	614.09 gp. remaining (3000-(45+2+20+1005+5+5+2+5+.2+250+.5+1+5+40+.01+1000+.2))
	
	Planning:
		Outlander background grants:
			A staff, a hunting trap, a trophy from an animal you killed, a set of traveler's clothes, and a belt
			pouch containing 10 gp
		Fighter normally grants:
			You start with the following equipment, in addition to
			the equipment granted by your background:
			• (a) chain mail or (b) leather, longbow, and 20 arrows
			- (a) a martial weapon and a shield or (h) two martial
				  weapons
			• (a) a light crossbow and 20 bolts or (b) two handaxes
			• (a) a dungeoneer's pack or (b) an explorer's pack
		Studded leather armor is the way to go for you, due to fly requirements and dex
		Longbow for the weapon
		Other possible magic items:
			Longbow +1 (Uncommon)
				Same deal as ever
				1st choice
			Cloak of Protection (Uncommon)
				+1 to AC and saving throws
				2nd choice
			Bracers of Archery (Uncommon)
				Short and longbow proficiency, and +2 to damage rolls with them
			Stone of Good Luck (Uncommon)
				+1 to ability checks and saving throws
			Two potions of healing seem like the only real option for the common items
				They heal 2d4+2 HP each
			Ah, Xanthar's has two potentially useful options, on page 311 of your weird copy
				Walloping Ammunition is good, expecially if you get more than 1. Seems like it might just be 1, though.
				Eh, looks like *all* magic ammo is improbably just 1, not the old batch of 50
		Mundane spending:
			Pack items?
			Other misc. adventure gear?
			Definitely some rope (you can fly, but others can't)!
			Backup full plate or similar ground armor?
			No bed roll. It's undefined, but I'm going to say I sleep standing up on one leg, bird-style.

Copy of the Arcane Archer rules online: http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/fighter:arcane-archer

Swap that final fighter level for a level of another class?
	It doesn't provide you much
	Attractive classes:
		Cleric
			War domain's War Priest abilitiy means bonus action extra attack up to Wis bonus
			Spellcasting:
				Cantrips:
					Guidance
					Light
					Sacred Flame
				Solid 1st lvl spells
					Bless
					Cure Wounds
						Cure Wounds is probably mandated, and would benefit from Wisdom
					Shield of Faith
						Always prepared due to War domain!
					Guiding Bolt
						Probably not worth it unless you've got nothing better for a slot
					Divine Favor
						Always prepared due to War domain!
						https://5thsrd.org/spellcasting/spells/divine_favor/
				Good resource: https://5thsrd.org/spellcasting/spell_lists/cleric_spells/
			Would probably want to swap stats to up Wis
			Diety:
				Unpronounceable, a war god of my people
				If we want to go with a listed one, Tempus would be a good Forgotten Realms candidate
					Or some feathered manifestation thereof?
					Maybe Tempus adopted after being sent to the material plane, a rebuke to the shaman that sent him
	All of this would be a different story if this wasn't a one shot, where getting to later fighter/archer abilities
	sooner might be important